The betrothal gift is naturally prepared long ago
30 gold bars
A pair of ice arch jadeite bracelets
Aquamarine Dream Diamond Necklace
Luxury yacht misses
Such a cliché bride price
What's wrong with leapfrogging?
Miss Ye is in a hurry
The bride price may be a bit cliché
But it's also a piece of my heart
Can you accept it?
It's more than a cliché
It's shabby.
As long as it is your heart
I will not dislike
Ah, Manager Xiao
I think you are a fool.
I've seen people eat and drink
I've never seen a bride price
What do you mean?
What do I mean?
See clearly
Here is the invoice.
These betrothal gifts are prepared by Lao Tzu
Hmph, you almost stole the show.
Shen Jiajia, don't you want a yacht?
I'll buy it for you.
How about marrying me?
It's actually a yacht.
Mr. Wang, you are so kind to me.
The yacht king of tens of millions always says to buy it
Not like some people.
Even the bride price has to be rubbed against others
It's disgusting
I said why are these things so vulgar?
It was you
Hutong, you kid call me cliché
If you have the ability, you can give me something elegant.
Oh, Mr. Wang
We don't get angry with this kind of person
I don't know. Well, unlike some people.
The bride price has to be rubbed against others
I guess I'll have a meal here
It's going to cost three years' salary
How can I have the money to buy a betrothal gift?